docs - remove interactive (#25755)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/start.md

## [Signed embedding](./signed-embedding.md)

> Also known as Standalone Embedding, Signed Embedding offers partial drill-through with custom destinations, so you can define what happens when people click on a chart, like sending people to another chart or URL–all while securing the underlying data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also known as Standalone Embedding, Signed Embedding offers drill-through with custom destinations, so you can define what happens when people click on a chart, like sending people to another chart or URL–all while securing the underlying data.
```

## [Full-app embedding](./full-app-embedding.md)

> Put all of Metabase in your app to give people secure self-serve access to data. Full-app Embedding offers full drill-through: you can set custom destinations if you want, or let people slice and dice their data using Metabase's query builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put all of Metabase in your app to give people secure self-serve access to data. You can still create custom destinations if you want, but Full-app Embedding integrates with your data permissions to let people slice and dice data on their own using Metabase's query builder.
```
